At The Cake Parlour, step into a little slice of cake heaven where beautiful ideas and inspirations are transformed into delicious works of art. With our spectacular range of award winning cakes and delightful speciality confections to choose from, we will work with you to create a mouth-watering masterpiece  to make your special occasion uniquely memorable.

Wedding Cakes
If you are interested in one of our wedding cakes we advise you to come to The Cake Parlour in Wimbledon Park to meet Zoe and have a consultation to talk through your wedding plans, style and initial ideas. The consultation includes a cake tasting for up to three people and you will be able to sample five delicious cake flavour combinations from our menu. There is a fee of £20.00 for all cake consultations which is deducted from the cost of the cake if you place an order. Should you need to cancel or reschedule your appointment we require at least 48 hours notice.

Celebertion Cakes
Birthdays, christenings and other major life events are just not the same without a beautiful cake to celebrate. From cupcakes and miniature cakes to tiered cakes, cakes with sugar models and 3D novelty cakes, we endeavour to create a fabulous centrepiece for your celebration. All of our celebration cakes are made to order and are designed to suit the requirements of every client. Our picture gallery features examples of some of our birthday cakes and will give you some ideas. We use only the finest and freshest ingredients so that your cake tastes as fabulous as it looks. We offer a variety of flavours from the classic vanilla sponge perfect for young children to a rich mouth-watering chocolate cake for older children and adults.

Macarons

Dainty delicious crisp almond flavoured meringues, sandwiched together with decadant ganache or swiss buttercream fillings.

Flavours:

Raspberry preserve
Dark chocolate ganache
Strawberries and Cream
White chocolate and passion fruit
Salted caramel
Praline

Meringues

Sweet, light and crispy on on the outside, yet soft and almost still gooey in the centre, meringues are enjoyed either on their own of served as a dessert with cream and berries rather like a pavlova.

Flavours:

Strawberry
Toasted almond
Raspberry Ripple
Chocolate chunk
Passion fuit and white chocolate chunks